How-to, Managing Users + other sections (#166)
permitio/docs: docs/how-to/build-policies/rebac/overview.mdx

This can be useful in hierarchical systems where higher-level roles encompass the permissions of several lower-level roles.
Role derivation helps in creating roles that are a combination or subset of other roles, providing flexibility and ensuring
that the principle of least privilege is maintained.

#### Example

In a software development company, there might be a basic "Developer" role that grants access to coding tools and
repositories. A new "Lead Developer" role could be derived from the "Developer" role but with added permissions, like code
review or project management tools. The "Lead Developer" role would, therefore, have all the permissions of the "Developer"
role plus some additional ones.

### Resource Relation

Resource Relations refer to the defined relationships or associations between different resources within a system. These
relations are often used to model complex access control scenarios, especially in systems where access to one resource might
be dependent on the relationship to another resource. By establishing these relationships, ReBAC can grant or deny access based
on the context of both the user's attributes and the interconnected web of resources.

> #### Example

Author: I've taken note

In a healthcare system, a patient's medical record `Resource A` might have a `treated by` relationship with a specific doctor
`Resource B`. Only the doctors that have this "treated by" relation with a patient's record would have the permission to
access and modify it.

### Resource Instance

Resource Instances refer to specific occurrences or representations of a resource in a system. While resource roles or types
provide a generalized or abstracted idea of an entity, resource instances refer to a specific type of an entity.
Understanding resource instances is crucial for systems that deal with a multitude of unique entities, each of which might
have different access requirements.

#### Example

In a library management system, while `Book` might be a general resource type, each individual copy of a book, with its
unique ISBN or tracking number, is a Resource Instance. The instance `Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone with 
ISBN 978-0747532699` is different from `Moby Dick with ISBN 978-1503280786`.

### Relationship Tuples

> Relationship Tuples are structured sets that detail the relationships between resources and potentially users in the system.

Author: We do support relationship tuples...
https://api.permit.io/v2/redoc#tag/Relationship-tuples/operation/list_relationship_tuples

---
sidebar_position: 1
title: What is ReBAC?
---

ReBAC, or Relationship-Based Access Control, is an access control model where permissions to access certain resources

> are determined based on the relationships between the user and the resource. Instead of relying solely on predefined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are determined based on the relationships between the users and resources. Instead of relying solely on
```
